### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- **What is PostgreSQL?** 
	Postgres is an object-relational database system following compliance with SQL standards.  

----------

- **What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL**?  
	SQL is a programming language. Postgres is a relational database system which uses SQL as the language to query a database in it's system.  

----------

- **In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?**  
	You can connect to a database with the following command: /c <database\>

----------

- **What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?**  
	`WHERE` and `HAVING` are used with `SELECT`. `WHERE` is applied to rows before they have been grouped. `HAVING` is applied after the rows have been groups. 

----------

- **What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?**  
	`INNER` joins will return only the columns of rows which are a match based on the matching criteria. `OUTER` joins will return the all of the columns of the matched rows - the matched and unmatched columns.  

----------

- **What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?**  
	The `LEFT` and `RIGHT` parameters designate which side of the join will keep all of it's rows regardless of a match. If the query is a `LEFT OUTER` join and there is no match for the left row, it will still appear and the 'right' will be null. The reverse will take effect for a `RIGHT OUTER` join.  

----------

- **What is an ORM? What do they do?**  
	ORM is object-relational mapping. It's purpose is to convert data from an object-oriented, high-level programming language into usable data for a relational database. 

----------

- **What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?**  
	AJAX is executed in the browser, commonly using JavaScript. It is asynchronous and is used to request data and update the UI. `requests` is commonly used in Python to make requests to other servers or APIs.  

----------

- **What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?**  
	Cross-site request forgery is when an attacks is able to use another user's browser to submit invalid forms. A CSRF token is generated by the server and embedded into an HTML form. Upon form submission, the server checks the token to validate a match with the CSRF token embedded into the form.  

----------

- **What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?**  
	The `form.hidden_tag()` generates an input field into a form containing the server-provided CSRF token. This input field is hidden to maintain security.
